# ACADEMIC PUBLIC LICENSE

This license contains the terms and conditions of using  in noncommercial settings: at academic institutions for teaching and research use, and at non-profit research organizations. You will find that this license provides noncommercial users of `gblearn` with rights that are similar to the well-known GNU General Public License, yet it retains the possibility for `gblearn` authors to financially support the development by selling commercial licenses. In fact, if you intend to use `gblearn` in a "for-profit" environment, where research is conducted to develop or enhance a product, is used in a commercial service offering, or when a commercial company uses `gblearn` to participate in a research project (for example government-funded or EU-funded research projects), then you need to obtain a commercial license for `gblearn`. In that case, please contact the Authors to inquire about commercial licenses.

What are the rights given to noncommercial users? Similarly to GPL, you have the right to use the software, to distribute copies, to receive source code, to change the software and distribute your modifications or the modified software. Also similarly to the GPL, if you distribute verbatim or modified copies of this software, they must be distributed under this license.

By modeling the GPL, this license guarantees that you're safe when using `gblearn` in your work, for teaching or research. This license guarantees that `gblearn` will remain available free of charge for nonprofit use. You can modify `gblearn` to your purposes, and you can also share your modifications. Even in the unlikely case of the authors abandoning `gblearn` entirely, this license permits anyone to continue developing it from the last release, and to create further releases under this license.
